GroundTruth_Label   Prediction_Label    Trigger Test_Instance
0	1	are	In `` Chicken Soup , '' Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie ( Lynn Redgrave ) , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother ( Rita Karin ) and her brother Michael ( Brandon Maggart ) . It 's worth noting that both disapproving relatives are immigrants . At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie . It could n't be more obvious that `` Chicken Soup '' is being made from an old recipe . And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
1	1	are	Despite a decade-long attempt to revamp the socialist economy , China 's mega-welfare state is alive and well . Health care is free , housing costs just pennies and food is heavily subsidized . At Panzhihua , as in other big state-run factories , workers still can count on a cradle-to-grave safety net . Factory officials estimate that more than 10 % of the work force here is redundant , but layoffs are n't allowed . Even factory workers ' children are guaranteed jobs . The industrial monoliths are so deeply involved in the welfare system that China 's leaders may never be able to modernize them , despite their glaring economic inefficiency . Though the Panzhihua factory itself is profitable , many such enterprises are n't . Subsidies for money-losing enterprises totaled $ 18 billion last year , or about one-third the total state revenue .
1	1	does	William O'Donnell , president , says he still thinks the IPO will succeed . If it does n't , he says , the company would have to change its expansion timetable .
0	1	is	Mr. Li 's wife , Xia Huaqiong , also works at the factory , tending the water meters during the graveyard shift . There are few prospects for upward mobility , and Mr. Li 's daughter , seven-year-old Li Shu , is certain to toil at the factory too someday , as are more than 10,000 of the workers ' children .
0	0	would	At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan .
0	0	nominally	It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was .
1	1	are	IOWA IS MAKING a comeback . So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan . The population of all four states is on the upswing , according to new Census Bureau estimates , following declines throughout the early 1980s .
0	0	has	The energy-services concern said , however , that in January 1990 , it may resume payments of dividends on the preferred stock . Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
1	1	could	In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could . As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies .
0	0	Even	When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week , so did UAL 's stock . Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share , the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction .
1	1	did	Then at 10:15 the Dow suddenly started to rebound , and when it shot upward it did so even faster than the early-morning fall . And this time , it was n't just the program traders who were responsible . All the selling had pushed stocks to such cheap values that big investment banks and major money management firms started buying stocks heavily . The program traders were in there , too , of course . But according to one trader , the programmers `` did n't look as dominant on the upside as on the downside because there was { also } a lot of bargain-hunting '' by institutions .
0	0	too	But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings . So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp .
1	1	does	As the days go by , the South African government will be ever more hard pressed to justify the continued imprisonment of Mr. Mandela as well as the continued banning of the ANC and enforcement of the state of emergency . If it does n't yield on these matters , and eventually begin talking directly to the ANC , the expectations and promise raised by yesterday 's releases will turn to disillusionment and unrest . If it does , the large number of right-wing whites , who oppose any concessions to the black majority , will step up their agitation and threats to take matters into their own hands .
0	0	compared	But despite its hair-trigger edginess , whether the market today will in fact mirror 1987 with a further dive is a far different matter . There are many reasons to think that what appeared Friday is another species of bear , and a less vicious one . The reasons include the obvious differences in the market between this fall and 1987 : Interest rates have n't been rising this time , as they were in 1987 ; the dollar , though hit Friday , has n't been eroding dangerously ; the economy is n't overheating ; and , above all , stocks are far from being as wildly overpriced : They are selling at only about 13 times per-share earnings , compared with about 20 two years ago .
0	0	together	Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic 's tradition of lumping its ads together , usually at the beginning or end of the magazine , rather than spreading ads out among its articles , as most magazines do . And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers .
1	1	did	`` The pace of trading was orderly , '' he said . Nasdaq 's Small Order Execution System `` worked beautifully , '' as did the automated system for larger trades , according to Mr. Hardiman .
1	1	does	The claim that inflation generates economic growth is seductive . In fact it does the opposite . As the charts show , the 1975-80 inflation destroyed both productivity and economic growth ( see accompanying charts -- WSJ Oct. 17 , 1989 ) . It was only after Mr. Volcker killed inflation , at the cost of a sharp but brief recession , that growth and productivity started rising once more . Producers were forced by the discipline of sound money to slash away organizational fat and acquire more efficient equipment . After having performed that admirable feat , however , they were back in 1985 demanding a dollar devaluation that would make it still easier for them to compete in international markets . They got the devaluation and , as is usually the case , began picking up fat again . So now they want another one .
0	0	overthrow	But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
0	0	dump	If foreigners dump U.S. stocks and return to the safety of their home markets -- as they did in October 1987 -- they must simultaneously also sell dollars for their own currencies . Those transactions , in turn , could weaken the dollar . Even if foreigners just withhold from buying additional U.S. securities , they reduce the demand for dollars .
1	1	do	But now , with Bull in firm control , these U.S. operations are key ingredients in Mr. Lorentz 's plans to ensure that Bull remains one of the half-dozen or so world-wide , full-range computer companies likely to survive the 1990s . To do so , Bull is planting itself firmly in the U.S. , where , says Mr. Lorentz , a lot of the best people and research are . The Zenith buy means Bull will derive 22 % of its revenue from the U.S. -- up from 18 % previously -- and the company spends 30 % of its 3.64 billion-franc research and development budget in the U.S .
1	1	do	The energy-services concern said , however , that in January 1990 , it may resume payments of dividends on the preferred stock . Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
1	1	did	And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version .
0	0	be	Recent order rates indicate that the fourth quarter , a time shipments usually pick up , will be weak as well . Merrill Lynch 's Mr. Bradford said , `` We have n't seen the pickup in flat rolled orders that we should have . '' Flat rolled steel is the industry 's major product .
0	1	does	Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . He sits down at the piano and plays . And plays . Either one likes it or one does n't . The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does .
0	0	boosted	Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week . New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago .
0	0	crippling	Easy money advocates , however , are adept at spreading economic myths . There is the constant insistence that the Fed could lower interest rates were it not so obstinate . The Fed indeed can lower short-term interest rates by pumping reserves into the banks , but it ca n't do much about them from there on . If the reserves generate inflation , which is what the Fed fears most right now , interest rates will go up as lenders demand a premium . Enough inflation can ultimately even wipe out the bond market , as it did in Britain in the 1970s , thereby crippling the economy .
1	0	to	`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . `` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out .
0	1	are	Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability . The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance .
0	0	pretty	What keeps Mr. Li in Panzhihua ? Partly the system . While workers ca n't easily be fired , they also ca n't easily quit to find jobs elsewhere . The Li family could apply for permission to do so , but has n't tried . `` I expect I 'll be in Panzhihua for the rest of my life , '' Mr. Li says . `` The No. 1 high school is pretty good , and I have to think of my daughter 's future . ''
1	1	did	When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week , so did UAL 's stock . Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share , the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction .
0	0	Hard	Hard on the heels of Friday 's 190-point stock-market plunge and the uncertainty that 's followed , a few big brokerage firms are rolling out new ads trumpeting a familiar message : Keep on investing , the market 's just fine . Their mission is to keep clients from fleeing the market , as individual investors did in droves after the crash in October
0	0	n't	Damon Darlin is a fine reporter of serious topics . Do n't waste his talents with fatuous assignments such as the Sept. 20 page-one article about gift-giving in Korea . You sunk just about as low as NBC did in its reporting on Korean life during last year 's Olympics .
1	1	do	Even for people who expect a bear market in coming months -- and a sizable number of money managers and market pundits do -- the advice is : Wait for the market to bounce back , and sell shares gradually during rallies . The best thing individual investors can do is `` just sit tight , '' says Marshall B. Front , executive vice president and head of investment counseling at Stein Roe & Farnham Inc. , a Chicago-based investment counseling firm that manages about $ 18 billion .
1	1	did	Then , to make matters worse , computerized sell programs kicked in , hammering stocks into steeper losses . There was heavy stock-index arbitrage , as traders sold big baskets of stock and bought stock-index futures to profit from the price discrepancies between the two markets . This was a hangover from Friday , when Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures had closed at a sharp discount to stocks . The onslaught of the program selling dashed any hopes that some of the big program trading firms would hold off until the market stabilized . They did n't . The Dow accelerated its slide , losing 63.52 in the first 40 minutes of trading .
1	1	did	What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming , more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks . They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships . Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white . Gives me the willies just thinking about it .
0	0	finance	These two myths have caused the republic untold damage . The U.S. economy took on an inflationary bias when the Fed was forced to finance an incredible spending spree by Lyndon Johnson . Richard Nixon exacerbated the problem when , in response to pressures from Congress , he applied price and wage controls in August 1971 , thereby discouraging production . Jimmy Carter ultimately hired Mr. Volcker to kill inflation , which was reaching dangerous levels . He did , too late to save Mr. Carter from forced retirement .
0	0	so	Mr. Zycher also criticizes 103 's requirement that auto-insurance rates be based primarily on a motorist 's safety record and driving habits rather than upon zip code . Proposition 103 does not prohibit any use of territorial rating , but requires insurers to justify it scientifically . So far , they 've been unable to do so .
1	1	could	Mr. Smith said GM is looking for ways to save some of the five older plants targeted last week . `` I 'm hoping we 'll need another plant for the APV , '' a new plastic-bodied minivan now being assembled at a single plant in Tarrytown , N.Y. , he said . However , Mr. Smith said that as a result of a $ 70 billion factory-modernization program undertaken over the last decade , `` we can produce more in the new plants than we could in the old plants . ''
0	0	were	On Friday , the market makers , who must be prepared to buy stock when no one else will , were frantically cutting the prices at which they would take stocks off sellers ' hands , in reaction to plunging prices on the New York Stock Exchange , according to Mr. Rosenbach .
0	0	to	For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday . It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . When they did , the firm reduced those stock holdings to about 70 % .
1	1	did	With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control . The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid . The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did . But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . In February 1989 , when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout , the U.S. cut it further .
0	0	says	Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc .
1	1	can	Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up .
1	1	had	`` I do not regard the amount of the decline on Friday as unexpected or unlikely , '' he said in a telephone interview . `` With the market being up to 2,700 or 2,800 and the existence of derivative products ... one can expect volatility of the magnitude we had . ''
1	1	be	Are narrow , Must they always be .
0	0	is	And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version .
1	1	do	Congress has been critical of the Bush administration for not sending enough aid to Poland , so it is getting ready to send its own version of a CARE package . Last month , the Senate voted to send a delegation of congressional staffers to Poland to assist its legislature , the Sejm , in democratic procedures . Senator Pete Domenici calls this effort `` the first gift of democracy . '' The Poles might do better to view it as a Trojan Horse . It is the vast shadow government of 15,000 congressional staffers that helps create such legislative atrocities as the 1,376 page , 13-pound reconciliation bill that claimed to be the budget of the United States . Maybe after the staffers explain their work to the Poles , they 'd be willing to come back and do the same for the American people .
1	1	has	At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan .
0	0	to	But the stock market as a whole , bolstered as it is by takeover speculation , remains vulnerable to any further pullback by takeover financiers , both in the junkbond market and among commercial banks . For debt-ridden suitors , `` the takeover game has been over for some time , '' says New York money manager Neil Weisman of Chilmark Capital , who has been keeping 85 % of his portfolio in cash . `` The market is just waking up to that point . ''
0	0	used	`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . `` We 've demonstrated that you can . ''
1	1	did	Hard on the heels of Friday 's 190-point stock-market plunge and the uncertainty that 's followed , a few big brokerage firms are rolling out new ads trumpeting a familiar message : Keep on investing , the market 's just fine . Their mission is to keep clients from fleeing the market , as individual investors did in droves after the crash in October
0	0	to	2 . That Mr. Lantos supported the rights of the witnesses to take the Fifth Amendment . Yes , he did .
0	0	pushed	Then at 10:15 the Dow suddenly started to rebound , and when it shot upward it did so even faster than the early-morning fall . And this time , it was n't just the program traders who were responsible . All the selling had pushed stocks to such cheap values that big investment banks and major money management firms started buying stocks heavily . The program traders were in there , too , of course . But according to one trader , the programmers `` did n't look as dominant on the upside as on the downside because there was { also } a lot of bargain-hunting '' by institutions .
0	0	spent	While some in the U.S. contend that advertising is the bane of television , here many believe that its absence is to blame for the European TV industry 's sluggish development . Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising . Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are . But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas .
1	0	is	That 's the problem , is n't it ? '' Indeed it is .
0	1	to	A rebound in energy prices , which helped push up the producer price index , is expected to do the same in the consumer price report . The consensus view expects a 0.4 % increase in the September CPI after a flat reading in August .
0	0	to	It turns out Mr. Friend 's client , Machelle Parks of Cincinnati , did n't like the way defense attorney Tom Alexander acted during the legal proceedings . So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander . So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols .
1	1	done	First to suffer from the spending cuts will be programs that spend most of their money on personnel , Mr. Darman said . He would n't predict how long it would be before the first layoffs , if any , occur . Under the law , President Bush may exempt military personnel accounts from the spending cuts . He has n't yet done so . Mr. Darman also said yesterday that although the administration is n't any longer pushing to include a cut in capital-gains taxes as part of the 1990 budget legislation , the odds are 8-to-5 in favor of winning approval for capital gains taxes this year .
1	1	to	When the fiscal year began on Oct. 1 , the Office of Management and Budget began withholding 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money , as the Gramm-Rudman law requires . Those cuts , known as a `` sequester '' in budget jargon , became permanent yesterday , although Congress could cancel or rescind them whenever it wants to . Under a special provision of the law , the government yesterday began slicing 2 % from Medicare payments made to doctors and hospitals .
1	1	done	Mr. Wertheimer said the Senate Ethics Committee should hire a special outside counsel to conduct an investigation , as was done in the case of former House Speaker James Wright . Wilson Abney , staff director of the ethics panel , would n't comment .
1	1	do	Then there 's `` The World Today , '' the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier . Until now , CNN has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period . But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in . Mr. Amos says the Shaw-Crier team will probably do two live interviews a day , with most of the program , at least for now , appearing similar to CNN 's other newcasts .
0	0	even	The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show `` Island Son '' ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 ) was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework . For instance : `` Haole '' ( white ) is not the ultimate insult ; `` Mainland haole '' is . Richard Chamberlain dresses as a `` Mainland haole , '' tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves . And the local expression for brother is `` brah , '' not `` bruddah . '' And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear . Sorry , the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color .
1	1	did	If foreigners dump U.S. stocks and return to the safety of their home markets -- as they did in October 1987 -- they must simultaneously also sell dollars for their own currencies . Those transactions , in turn , could weaken the dollar . Even if foreigners just withhold from buying additional U.S. securities , they reduce the demand for dollars .
0	0	enough	West Germany 's Green Party joined its ideological soulmates Jeremy Rifkin and the Christic Institute in the legal battle to ground the Atlantis shuttle and its plutonium-powered Galileo probe to Jupiter . The anti-defense Greens wanted a Washington federal appeals court to block today 's scheduled liftoff long enough for them to ask the World Court to `` order '' a permanent cancellation of the $ 1.5 billion flight . A three-judge appeals panel yesterday refused to comply , though liberal Judge Pat Wald went out of her way to deny that this was a `` frivolous '' case . Of course it was . NASA should now sue for fines against all three politico-plaintiffs , foreign and domestic , for bringing this mischievous case .
1	1	can	While the network currently can operate freely in Budapest , so can others . In addition , competition for listeners is getting tougher in many ways than when broadcasting here was strictly controlled . Instead of being denounced as an evil agent of imperialism , Radio Free Europe is more likely to draw the criticism that its programs are too tame , even boring .
0	0	said	Robert H. Chandross , an economist for Lloyd 's Bank in New York , is among those expecting a more moderate gain in the CPI than in prices at the producer level . `` Auto prices had a big effect in the PPI , and at the CPI level they wo n't , '' he said .
0	1	are	Sony found a new market niche , but Mr. Kaye figured that its prices left plenty of room for a lower-priced competitor . His products are n't exact copies of Sony 's but strongly resemble them in size , shape and , especially , color . Sony uses mostly red and blue , with traces of yellow -- and so does Justin , on the theory that kids prefer these colors . ( `` To be successful , a product can be any color whatsoever , as long as it is fire-engine red , '' says Charles E. Baxley , Justin 's attorney . )
0	0	are	Those sound like innocuous changes , but they 're not . Both the Treasury and Congress traditionally have pushed for easy money , the Treasury to reduce its debt management problems and Congress to satisfy powerful producer constituencies who want a weak dollar for short-term competitive gains in world markets . Congressional pressures on the Fed similar to those that produced the savings and loan mess are an awful thought .
0	0	to	Of course , the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again . And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday .
1	1	did	Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega 's moonlighting , intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans .
0	0	put	`` Snoozing '' through the Beijing massacre ? This is the buzzword Adi Ignatius chooses to characterize in his review of my book `` Tiananmen Diary : Thirteen Days in June '' ( Leisire & Arts , Sept. 8 ) . I doubt that many readers of this chronicle of the blood and bullets and terror of the Beijing massacre would put it just this way . Nor mistake , as he seems to have done , a raw , rough-cut , unretouched , genuine diary , complete with blips , print lice and all the confusions of real time with high-gloss footnoted academic scholarship . Such works will be forthcoming , but I doubt if they will convey the anguish of what Mr. Ignatius calls my `` insta-book . ''
1	1	did	Many are quick to emphasize that just because the market can fall as fast as it did Friday does n't mean it will tank again , despite some disquieting similarities between now and October 1987 . As in 1987 , this latest market slide was preceded by sparring between nations and government officials over the dollar .
0	0	controlled	While the network currently can operate freely in Budapest , so can others . In addition , competition for listeners is getting tougher in many ways than when broadcasting here was strictly controlled . Instead of being denounced as an evil agent of imperialism , Radio Free Europe is more likely to draw the criticism that its programs are too tame , even boring .
1	1	can	Still , such a pricing strategy just might appeal to people like Connie Bates , a respondent in the Journal survey . She recently walked out of a furniture store because the salesman offered to cut the price of a sectional couch three times . When a store keeps dropping prices , the Farmington , Mich. , resident says , `` I get suspicious that they 're trying to get the most they can out of you . ''
1	1	do	Mr. Sim figures it will be easier to turn Barry Wright around since he 's now in the driver 's seat . When he came to Applied , `` I did n't have the power to execute as I do today , '' he says . He was named chief executive officer of Applied in 1986 and became chairman last November .
0	0	do	`` I do not regard the amount of the decline on Friday as unexpected or unlikely , '' he said in a telephone interview . `` With the market being up to 2,700 or 2,800 and the existence of derivative products ... one can expect volatility of the magnitude we had . ''
0	0	come	But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups .
0	0	directly	As the days go by , the South African government will be ever more hard pressed to justify the continued imprisonment of Mr. Mandela as well as the continued banning of the ANC and enforcement of the state of emergency . If it does n't yield on these matters , and eventually begin talking directly to the ANC , the expectations and promise raised by yesterday 's releases will turn to disillusionment and unrest . If it does , the large number of right-wing whites , who oppose any concessions to the black majority , will step up their agitation and threats to take matters into their own hands .
0	1	to	Authorities , including the Bank of England and the Securities Association , are gearing up in case a crisis wallops the London market . The bank was in touch with other major central banks over the weekend and was preparing to make capital available to dealers if needed , as it did in the 1987 crash , according to people familiar with the bank 's strategy .
0	1	are	In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could . As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies .
0	0	said	Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market . `` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said .
0	1	to	First to suffer from the spending cuts will be programs that spend most of their money on personnel , Mr. Darman said . He would n't predict how long it would be before the first layoffs , if any , occur . Under the law , President Bush may exempt military personnel accounts from the spending cuts . He has n't yet done so . Mr. Darman also said yesterday that although the administration is n't any longer pushing to include a cut in capital-gains taxes as part of the 1990 budget legislation , the odds are 8-to-5 in favor of winning approval for capital gains taxes this year .
0	0	simmer	As Elizabeth Kristol wrote in the New York Times just before the Mason donnybrook , `` Perhaps intolerance would not boil over with such intensity if honest differences were allowed to simmer . '' The question is , if group conflicts still exist ( as undeniably they do ) , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
0	0	to	Mr. Wertheimer said the Senate Ethics Committee should hire a special outside counsel to conduct an investigation , as was done in the case of former House Speaker James Wright . Wilson Abney , staff director of the ethics panel , would n't comment .
1	1	're	Those sound like innocuous changes , but they 're not . Both the Treasury and Congress traditionally have pushed for easy money , the Treasury to reduce its debt management problems and Congress to satisfy powerful producer constituencies who want a weak dollar for short-term competitive gains in world markets . Congressional pressures on the Fed similar to those that produced the savings and loan mess are an awful thought .
1	1	did	Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability . The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance .
1	1	to	Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement , which has n't been submitted to a judge , as something of a joke . However , he acknowledges they `` have the option of taking a swat at me if they really want to . '' Mr. Friend says his side is `` dead serious . '' Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case .
0	0	develop	Mr. Sim is confident that the drive to dominate certain niche markets will work at Barry Wright as it has at Applied . He also professes an `` evangelical '' fervor to develop a corporate culture that rewards managers who produce and where decision-making is shared .
1	1	should	Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern .
0	0	counted	Good service programs require recruitment , screening , training and supervision -- all of high quality . They involve stipends to participants . Full-time residential programs also require housing and full-time supervision ; they are particularly expensive -- more per participant than a year at Stanford or Yale . Non-residential programs are cheaper , but good ones still come to some $ 10,000 a year . Are they worth that ? Evaluations suggest that good ones are -- especially so if the effects on participants are counted . But the calculations are challengeable .
0	0	do	But now , the magazine is attempting to fight back , with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign . Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director . `` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . ''
0	0	celebrated	The magazine had its best year yet in 1988 , when it celebrated its centennial and racked up a 17 % gain in ad pages , to 283 . But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest . The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market .
0	0	get	Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up .
1	1	does	Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . He sits down at the piano and plays . And plays . Either one likes it or one does n't . The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does .
1	1	wo	Robert H. Chandross , an economist for Lloyd 's Bank in New York , is among those expecting a more moderate gain in the CPI than in prices at the producer level . `` Auto prices had a big effect in the PPI , and at the CPI level they wo n't , '' he said .
0	0	is	Market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur . On days like Friday , that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to . When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast . Two years ago , faced with the possibility of heavy losses on the stocks in their inventories , market makers themselves began dumping shares , exacerbating the slide in OTC stock prices .
1	0	to	PaineWebber Inc. filmed a new television commercial at 4 p.m. EDT yesterday and had it on the air by last night . Fidelity Investments placed new ads in newspapers yesterday , and wrote another new ad appearing today . Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. by yesterday afternoon had already written new TV ads . It considered running them during tomorrow night 's World Series broadcast but decided not to when the market recovered yesterday . Other brokerage firms , including Merrill Lynch & Co. , were plotting out potential new ad strategies .
1	1	do	What is one to think of all this ? Doctrine and special interests govern some responses . People eager to have youth `` pay their dues to society '' favor service proposals -- preferably mandatory ones . So do those who seek a `` re-energized concept of citizenship , '' a concept imposing stern obligations as well as conferring rights . Then there are instinctive opponents . To libertarians , mandatory service is an abomination and voluntary systems are illegitimate uses of tax money . Devotees of the market question the value of the work national service would perform : If the market wo n't pay for it , they argue , it ca n't be worth its cost . Elements of the left are also reflexively opposed ; they see service as a cover for the draft , or fear the regimentation of youth , or want to see rights enlarged , not obligations .
0	0	remained	The Fed allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . That was a sign to financial markets that , at least for now , the Fed was easing its grip on credit . Because the markets remained relatively calm , however , the Fed did n't have to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system , as it did in October 1987 .
1	1	can	`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . `` We 've demonstrated that you can . ''
0	0	says	Mr. Sim figures it will be easier to turn Barry Wright around since he 's now in the driver 's seat . When he came to Applied , `` I did n't have the power to execute as I do today , '' he says . He was named chief executive officer of Applied in 1986 and became chairman last November .
1	1	was	West Germany 's Green Party joined its ideological soulmates Jeremy Rifkin and the Christic Institute in the legal battle to ground the Atlantis shuttle and its plutonium-powered Galileo probe to Jupiter . The anti-defense Greens wanted a Washington federal appeals court to block today 's scheduled liftoff long enough for them to ask the World Court to `` order '' a permanent cancellation of the $ 1.5 billion flight . A three-judge appeals panel yesterday refused to comply , though liberal Judge Pat Wald went out of her way to deny that this was a `` frivolous '' case . Of course it was . NASA should now sue for fines against all three politico-plaintiffs , foreign and domestic , for bringing this mischievous case .
0	0	dropped	Manufacturers showed the biggest sales gains ; their sales rose 5.6 % , while factory inventories only grew 0.3 % . Retailers ' sales increased 0.7 % , as did their inventories . Wholesalers ' sales climbed 1.5 % , while their inventories dropped 0.1 % .
1	0	did	It 's appropriate for U.S. officials to keep hammering for more open trade policies , as U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills did in Seoul last week . But there 's also sometimes a tendency in American political circles to pick especially on South Korea , out of frustration over our inability to do much about Japan . That 's counterproductive .
0	0	come	Congress has been critical of the Bush administration for not sending enough aid to Poland , so it is getting ready to send its own version of a CARE package . Last month , the Senate voted to send a delegation of congressional staffers to Poland to assist its legislature , the Sejm , in democratic procedures . Senator Pete Domenici calls this effort `` the first gift of democracy . '' The Poles might do better to view it as a Trojan Horse . It is the vast shadow government of 15,000 congressional staffers that helps create such legislative atrocities as the 1,376 page , 13-pound reconciliation bill that claimed to be the budget of the United States . Maybe after the staffers explain their work to the Poles , they 'd be willing to come back and do the same for the American people .
0	0	as	The LME stocks decline was about as expected , but the Comex gain was n't .
0	0	not	3 . Encouragement is fine ; compulsion is not . Compelled service is unconstitutional . It is also unwise and unenforceable . ( Who will throw several hundred thousand refusers in jail each year ? ) But through tax policy and in other ways the federal government encourages many kinds of behavior . It should also encourage service -- preferably by all classes and all ages . Its encouragement should strengthen and not undercut the strong tradition of volunteering in the U.S. , should build on the service programs already in existence , and should honor local convictions about which tasks most need doing .
0	0	become	Reached in Honolulu , Mr. Shidler said that he believes the various Hooker malls can become profitable with new management . `` These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , '' said Mr. Shidler . `` Managed properly , and with a long-term outlook , these can become investment-grade quality properties . ''
0	0	walked	Still , such a pricing strategy just might appeal to people like Connie Bates , a respondent in the Journal survey . She recently walked out of a furniture store because the salesman offered to cut the price of a sectional couch three times . When a store keeps dropping prices , the Farmington , Mich. , resident says , `` I get suspicious that they 're trying to get the most they can out of you . ''
0	0	has	Ramada , which first delayed and then shelved a $ 400 million junk bond sale that was designed to help finance a restructuring , fell 15.6 % to close at 9 1\2 . Ramada has said it hopes to propose a new restructuring plan but has n't indicated when it will do so .
0	1	to	`` It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , '' said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel . John Lampe , director of advertising at PaineWebber Inc. , a Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising client , said : `` We have no problem with the announcement , because we do n't know what change it 's going to bring about . We are n't going to change agencies because of a change in London . ''
1	1	did	Authorities , including the Bank of England and the Securities Association , are gearing up in case a crisis wallops the London market . The bank was in touch with other major central banks over the weekend and was preparing to make capital available to dealers if needed , as it did in the 1987 crash , according to people familiar with the bank 's strategy .
1	1	does	Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . He sits down at the piano and plays . And plays . Either one likes it or one does n't . The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does .
1	0	is	3 . Encouragement is fine ; compulsion is not . Compelled service is unconstitutional . It is also unwise and unenforceable . ( Who will throw several hundred thousand refusers in jail each year ? ) But through tax policy and in other ways the federal government encourages many kinds of behavior . It should also encourage service -- preferably by all classes and all ages . Its encouragement should strengthen and not undercut the strong tradition of volunteering in the U.S. , should build on the service programs already in existence , and should honor local convictions about which tasks most need doing .
1	1	does	It turns out Mr. Friend 's client , Machelle Parks of Cincinnati , did n't like the way defense attorney Tom Alexander acted during the legal proceedings . So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander . So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols .
1	0	will	If takeover premiums become excessive , if LBO dealmakers become too aggressive , then the private market will recognize these problems more quickly and accurately than will policy makers , and the markets will move with lightning speed to impose appropriate sanctions . Yes , the broader exchanges got caught up in the spiral , but they rode the tiger up all year . Not surprisingly , he sometimes bites .
0	0	see	What is one to think of all this ? Doctrine and special interests govern some responses . People eager to have youth `` pay their dues to society '' favor service proposals -- preferably mandatory ones . So do those who seek a `` re-energized concept of citizenship , '' a concept imposing stern obligations as well as conferring rights . Then there are instinctive opponents . To libertarians , mandatory service is an abomination and voluntary systems are illegitimate uses of tax money . Devotees of the market question the value of the work national service would perform : If the market wo n't pay for it , they argue , it ca n't be worth its cost . Elements of the left are also reflexively opposed ; they see service as a cover for the draft , or fear the regimentation of youth , or want to see rights enlarged , not obligations .
0	0	to	Many are quick to emphasize that just because the market can fall as fast as it did Friday does n't mean it will tank again , despite some disquieting similarities between now and October 1987 . As in 1987 , this latest market slide was preceded by sparring between nations and government officials over the dollar .
1	1	did	The magazine had its best year yet in 1988 , when it celebrated its centennial and racked up a 17 % gain in ad pages , to 283 . But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest . The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market .
0	0	would	With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control . The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid . The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat , that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did . But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . In February 1989 , when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout , the U.S. cut it further .
1	1	does	Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc .
1	1	to	Market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur . On days like Friday , that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to . When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast . Two years ago , faced with the possibility of heavy losses on the stocks in their inventories , market makers themselves began dumping shares , exacerbating the slide in OTC stock prices .
0	1	have	Collectors do n't say `` It 's a van Gogh '' anymore , laments Harry Brooks , the president of Wildenstein & Co. , a New York gallery . `` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . '' Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond . ( Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up , and until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock and key . )
1	1	could	`` France opened the limit down , off at least 10 % if you could calculate the index , which you could n't , '' Mr. Clark , the Shearson trader , said early in the afternoon . `` Spain is down 10 % and suspended , Sweden 's down 8 % , Norway 11 % . This market has been very badly damaged . ''
0	0	generally	Certainly , the recent drop in prices does n't mean Manhattan comes cheap . New York retail rents still run well above the going rate in other U.S. cities . Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon . The thriving 34th Street area offers rents of about $ 100 a square foot , as do up-and-coming locations along lower Fifth Avenue . By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot . And rents on Beverly Hills ' Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
0	0	improved	The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
1	1	does	Collectors do n't say `` It 's a van Gogh '' anymore , laments Harry Brooks , the president of Wildenstein & Co. , a New York gallery . `` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . '' Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond . ( Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up , and until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock and key . )
0	0	caught	If takeover premiums become excessive , if LBO dealmakers become too aggressive , then the private market will recognize these problems more quickly and accurately than will policy makers , and the markets will move with lightning speed to impose appropriate sanctions . Yes , the broader exchanges got caught up in the spiral , but they rode the tiger up all year . Not surprisingly , he sometimes bites .
1	1	did	In any case , the brokerage firms are clearly moving faster to create new ads than they did in the fall of 1987 . But it remains to be seen whether their ads will be any more effective . In 1987 , despite a barrage of ads from most of the major investment firms , individuals ran from the market en masse . Now the firms must try their hardest to prove that advertising can work this time around .
1	1	will	But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings . So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp .
1	1	did	As Mr. Noriega 's political troubles grew , so did his offers of assistance to the Contras , an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington . For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party . But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C .
1	1	will	On Friday , the market makers , who must be prepared to buy stock when no one else will , were frantically cutting the prices at which they would take stocks off sellers ' hands , in reaction to plunging prices on the New York Stock Exchange , according to Mr. Rosenbach .
1	1	do	A rebound in energy prices , which helped push up the producer price index , is expected to do the same in the consumer price report . The consensus view expects a 0.4 % increase in the September CPI after a flat reading in August .
0	0	just	What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming , more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks . They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships . Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white . Gives me the willies just thinking about it .
0	0	Currently	Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . He sits down at the piano and plays . And plays . Either one likes it or one does n't . The typical Glass audience , which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers , certainly does .
1	1	do	The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . But the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and efficiencies in manufacturing .
1	1	were	Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week . New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago .
1	1	can	Mr. Wertheimer based this on a statement by Mr. Keating that was quoted in a Wall Street Journal story in April : `` One question ... had to do with whether my financial support in any way influenced several political figures to take up my cause . I want to say in the most forceful way I can : I certainly hope so . ''
1	1	did	Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was on the telephones , making it clear to officials in the U.S. and abroad that the Fed was prepared to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system , as it did in October 1987 , if the action were needed to prevent a financial crisis .
1	1	do	`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report .
1	1	did	The past two trading days , while painful , have n't been as disastrous for the arbs as the October 1987 market crash because takeover-related stocks have n't dropped as sharply as they did two years ago , and traders are n't as deeply in debt as they were then .
1	1	was	It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was .
1	1	are	Good service programs require recruitment , screening , training and supervision -- all of high quality . They involve stipends to participants . Full-time residential programs also require housing and full-time supervision ; they are particularly expensive -- more per participant than a year at Stanford or Yale . Non-residential programs are cheaper , but good ones still come to some $ 10,000 a year . Are they worth that ? Evaluations suggest that good ones are -- especially so if the effects on participants are counted . But the calculations are challengeable .
1	1	to	`` It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , '' said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel . John Lampe , director of advertising at PaineWebber Inc. , a Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising client , said : `` We have no problem with the announcement , because we do n't know what change it 's going to bring about . We are n't going to change agencies because of a change in London . ''
1	0	did	`` Singapore took the hit because when people want to get out , they tend to go where the liquidity is , '' said Elizabeth Hambrecht , a regional analyst with Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd . She pointed out that even after Monday 's 10 % decline , the Straits Times index is up 24 % this year , so investors who bailed out generally did so profitably . Similarly , Kuala Lumpur 's composite index yesterday ended 27.5 % above its 1988 close .
0	0	n't	That 's the problem , is n't it ? '' Indeed it is .
1	1	did	Manufacturers showed the biggest sales gains ; their sales rose 5.6 % , while factory inventories only grew 0.3 % . Retailers ' sales increased 0.7 % , as did their inventories . Wholesalers ' sales climbed 1.5 % , while their inventories dropped 0.1 % .
0	1	is	Even for people who expect a bear market in coming months -- and a sizable number of money managers and market pundits do -- the advice is : Wait for the market to bounce back , and sell shares gradually during rallies . The best thing individual investors can do is `` just sit tight , '' says Marshall B. Front , executive vice president and head of investment counseling at Stein Roe & Farnham Inc. , a Chicago-based investment counseling firm that manages about $ 18 billion .
0	1	to	Then , to make matters worse , computerized sell programs kicked in , hammering stocks into steeper losses . There was heavy stock-index arbitrage , as traders sold big baskets of stock and bought stock-index futures to profit from the price discrepancies between the two markets . This was a hangover from Friday , when Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures had closed at a sharp discount to stocks . The onslaught of the program selling dashed any hopes that some of the big program trading firms would hold off until the market stabilized . They did n't . The Dow accelerated its slide , losing 63.52 in the first 40 minutes of trading .
1	1	did	Damon Darlin is a fine reporter of serious topics . Do n't waste his talents with fatuous assignments such as the Sept. 20 page-one article about gift-giving in Korea . You sunk just about as low as NBC did in its reporting on Korean life during last year 's Olympics .
1	1	done	`` Snoozing '' through the Beijing massacre ? This is the buzzword Adi Ignatius chooses to characterize in his review of my book `` Tiananmen Diary : Thirteen Days in June '' ( Leisire & Arts , Sept. 8 ) . I doubt that many readers of this chronicle of the blood and bullets and terror of the Beijing massacre would put it just this way . Nor mistake , as he seems to have done , a raw , rough-cut , unretouched , genuine diary , complete with blips , print lice and all the confusions of real time with high-gloss footnoted academic scholarship . Such works will be forthcoming , but I doubt if they will convey the anguish of what Mr. Ignatius calls my `` insta-book . ''
1	1	do	As Elizabeth Kristol wrote in the New York Times just before the Mason donnybrook , `` Perhaps intolerance would not boil over with such intensity if honest differences were allowed to simmer . '' The question is , if group conflicts still exist ( as undeniably they do ) , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
1	1	did	For instance , First Quadrant Corp. , an asset allocator based in Morristown , N.J. , said it quickly boosted stock positions in its `` aggressive '' accounts to 75 % from 55 % to take advantage of plunging prices Friday . It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . When they did , the firm reduced those stock holdings to about 70 % .
1	1	do	You know what the law of averages is , do n't you ?
0	0	to	It 's appropriate for U.S. officials to keep hammering for more open trade policies , as U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills did in Seoul last week . But there 's also sometimes a tendency in American political circles to pick especially on South Korea , out of frustration over our inability to do much about Japan . That 's counterproductive .
0	0	falsely	Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega 's moonlighting , intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans .
1	1	does	Sony found a new market niche , but Mr. Kaye figured that its prices left plenty of room for a lower-priced competitor . His products are n't exact copies of Sony 's but strongly resemble them in size , shape and , especially , color . Sony uses mostly red and blue , with traces of yellow -- and so does Justin , on the theory that kids prefer these colors . ( `` To be successful , a product can be any color whatsoever , as long as it is fire-engine red , '' says Charles E. Baxley , Justin 's attorney . )
1	1	did	By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did . Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project . But others said pico should proceed . Both were right .
1	1	do	Ramada , which first delayed and then shelved a $ 400 million junk bond sale that was designed to help finance a restructuring , fell 15.6 % to close at 9 1\2 . Ramada has said it hopes to propose a new restructuring plan but has n't indicated when it will do so .
1	1	were	But despite its hair-trigger edginess , whether the market today will in fact mirror 1987 with a further dive is a far different matter . There are many reasons to think that what appeared Friday is another species of bear , and a less vicious one . The reasons include the obvious differences in the market between this fall and 1987 : Interest rates have n't been rising this time , as they were in 1987 ; the dollar , though hit Friday , has n't been eroding dangerously ; the economy is n't overheating ; and , above all , stocks are far from being as wildly overpriced : They are selling at only about 13 times per-share earnings , compared with about 20 two years ago .
0	0	voluntarily	`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report .
1	1	did	The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
0	0	not	America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be . `` I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , '' Mr. Otradovec said .
1	1	have	`` There are some very significant issues out there , such as the fiscal deficit , the trade deficit , our relations with Japan , that have to be the subject of major initiatives , '' he said in an interview . `` I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't . There is n't a big shot , an agenda . ''
1	1	did	The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy ( on Arthur Avenue ) and , of course , the Yankees . However , most people , having been subjected to news footage of the devastated South Bronx , look at the borough the way Tom Wolfe 's Sherman McCoy did in `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' -- as a wrong turn into hell .
1	1	do	Now , dozens of corporations , including Ethan Allen , TW Services and York International , that are counting on at least $ 7 billion of scheduled new junk financings to keep their highly leveraged takeovers and buy-outs afloat , may never get the money . `` The music has stopped playing , '' says Michael Harkins , a principal in the investment firm of Levy Harkins . `` You 've either got a chair or you do n't . ''
1	1	have	Recent order rates indicate that the fourth quarter , a time shipments usually pick up , will be weak as well . Merrill Lynch 's Mr. Bradford said , `` We have n't seen the pickup in flat rolled orders that we should have . '' Flat rolled steel is the industry 's major product .
0	0	remains	While oil prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse . In the third quarter , they averaged about 5 % less than they were in 1988 . The main reason remains weather . Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use . This summer , on the other hand , had milder weather than usual .
0	0	keep	The newly released ANC leaders also will be under enormous pressure . The government is watching closely to see if their presence in the townships leads to increased anti-government protests and violence ; if it does , Pretoria will use this as a reason to keep Mr. Mandela behind bars . Pretoria has n't forgotten why they were all sentenced to life imprisonment in the first place : for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government .
0	0	looking	Mr. Smith said GM is looking for ways to save some of the five older plants targeted last week . `` I 'm hoping we 'll need another plant for the APV , '' a new plastic-bodied minivan now being assembled at a single plant in Tarrytown , N.Y. , he said . However , Mr. Smith said that as a result of a $ 70 billion factory-modernization program undertaken over the last decade , `` we can produce more in the new plants than we could in the old plants . ''
0	0	said	The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . But the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and efficiencies in manufacturing .
0	0	allow	Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy . It is true that the best sitcoms do allow group differences to simmer : yuppies vs. blue-collar Bostonians in `` Cheers '' ; children vs. adults in `` The Cosby Show . '' But these are not the differences that make headlines .
0	0	quickly	But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
1	1	did	2 . That Mr. Lantos supported the rights of the witnesses to take the Fifth Amendment . Yes , he did .
0	0	following	IOWA IS MAKING a comeback . So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan . The population of all four states is on the upswing , according to new Census Bureau estimates , following declines throughout the early 1980s .
0	0	began	When the fiscal year began on Oct. 1 , the Office of Management and Budget began withholding 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money , as the Gramm-Rudman law requires . Those cuts , known as a `` sequester '' in budget jargon , became permanent yesterday , although Congress could cancel or rescind them whenever it wants to . Under a special provision of the law , the government yesterday began slicing 2 % from Medicare payments made to doctors and hospitals .
1	1	are	While some in the U.S. contend that advertising is the bane of television , here many believe that its absence is to blame for the European TV industry 's sluggish development . Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising . Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are . But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas .
0	1	n't	Such proclamations leave network officials all the more doubtful that the studios will bend . `` They do n't seem to have an incentive to negotiate , '' says one network executive . `` And there 's no indication that Washington is prepared to address the rules . That 's the problem , is n't it ? ''
0	1	do	Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement , which has n't been submitted to a judge , as something of a joke . However , he acknowledges they `` have the option of taking a swat at me if they really want to . '' Mr. Friend says his side is `` dead serious . '' Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case .
1	1	were	While oil prices have been better than expected , natural gas prices have been worse . In the third quarter , they averaged about 5 % less than they were in 1988 . The main reason remains weather . Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use . This summer , on the other hand , had milder weather than usual .
0	0	suggests	Surveys suggested that consumer confidence was high before Friday . A 190-point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will . If the reactions of executives gathered Saturday at Hot Springs , Va. , for the Business Council meetings are typical , business leaders were n't overly rattled by Friday 's decline . And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
1	0	is	The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show `` Island Son '' ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 ) was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework . For instance : `` Haole '' ( white ) is not the ultimate insult ; `` Mainland haole '' is . Richard Chamberlain dresses as a `` Mainland haole , '' tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves . And the local expression for brother is `` brah , '' not `` bruddah . '' And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear . Sorry , the show does not even have the one redeeming quality of genuine local color .
1	1	do	You see , I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now . '' It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow . That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph .
1	1	do	Certainly , the recent drop in prices does n't mean Manhattan comes cheap . New York retail rents still run well above the going rate in other U.S. cities . Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon . The thriving 34th Street area offers rents of about $ 100 a square foot , as do up-and-coming locations along lower Fifth Avenue . By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot . And rents on Beverly Hills ' Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
0	0	n't	South Korea is `` critically important to us now , both economically and in terms of security , '' says Sen. Richard Lugar ( R. , Ind. ) , the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . `` Unfortunately , many Americans do n't think much about Korea . But the miracle of their economic growth and the development of democracy -- imperfect though it is -- are very important to the United States . '' One major topic during Mr. Roh 's visit will be human rights . Due process still is denied in South Korea ; a few months ago , Kim Dae Jung , the major opposition leader , was detained and interrogated for 20 hours by security thugs . Just as Pope John Paul II did in Seoul last week , President Bush and members of Congress ought to tell Mr. Roh in no uncertain terms that this kind of behavior is unacceptable .
1	1	did	The Fed allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . That was a sign to financial markets that , at least for now , the Fed was easing its grip on credit . Because the markets remained relatively calm , however , the Fed did n't have to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system , as it did in October 1987 .
1	1	does	Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy . It is true that the best sitcoms do allow group differences to simmer : yuppies vs. blue-collar Bostonians in `` Cheers '' ; children vs. adults in `` The Cosby Show . '' But these are not the differences that make headlines .
1	1	is	Such proclamations leave network officials all the more doubtful that the studios will bend . `` They do n't seem to have an incentive to negotiate , '' says one network executive . `` And there 's no indication that Washington is prepared to address the rules . That 's the problem , is n't it ? ''
1	1	were	But now , the magazine is attempting to fight back , with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign . Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director . `` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . ''
1	1	was	The LME stocks decline was about as expected , but the Comex gain was n't .
1	1	be	America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be . `` I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , '' Mr. Otradovec said .
0	1	are	But now , with Bull in firm control , these U.S. operations are key ingredients in Mr. Lorentz 's plans to ensure that Bull remains one of the half-dozen or so world-wide , full-range computer companies likely to survive the 1990s . To do so , Bull is planting itself firmly in the U.S. , where , says Mr. Lorentz , a lot of the best people and research are . The Zenith buy means Bull will derive 22 % of its revenue from the U.S. -- up from 18 % previously -- and the company spends 30 % of its 3.64 billion-franc research and development budget in the U.S .
0	1	to	Mr. Wertheimer based this on a statement by Mr. Keating that was quoted in a Wall Street Journal story in April : `` One question ... had to do with whether my financial support in any way influenced several political figures to take up my cause . I want to say in the most forceful way I can : I certainly hope so . ''
0	0	will	`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . `` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out .
0	0	down	`` France opened the limit down , off at least 10 % if you could calculate the index , which you could n't , '' Mr. Clark , the Shearson trader , said early in the afternoon . `` Spain is down 10 % and suspended , Sweden 's down 8 % , Norway 11 % . This market has been very badly damaged . ''
1	1	do	Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic 's tradition of lumping its ads together , usually at the beginning or end of the magazine , rather than spreading ads out among its articles , as most magazines do . And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers .
1	1	did	But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups .
1	1	do	In `` Chicken Soup , '' Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie ( Lynn Redgrave ) , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother ( Rita Karin ) and her brother Michael ( Brandon Maggart ) . It 's worth noting that both disapproving relatives are immigrants . At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie . It could n't be more obvious that `` Chicken Soup '' is being made from an old recipe . And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
0	0	costs	Despite a decade-long attempt to revamp the socialist economy , China 's mega-welfare state is alive and well . Health care is free , housing costs just pennies and food is heavily subsidized . At Panzhihua , as in other big state-run factories , workers still can count on a cradle-to-grave safety net . Factory officials estimate that more than 10 % of the work force here is redundant , but layoffs are n't allowed . Even factory workers ' children are guaranteed jobs . The industrial monoliths are so deeply involved in the welfare system that China 's leaders may never be able to modernize them , despite their glaring economic inefficiency . Though the Panzhihua factory itself is profitable , many such enterprises are n't . Subsidies for money-losing enterprises totaled $ 18 billion last year , or about one-third the total state revenue .
0	0	have	William O'Donnell , president , says he still thinks the IPO will succeed . If it does n't , he says , the company would have to change its expansion timetable .
1	1	is	But the stock market as a whole , bolstered as it is by takeover speculation , remains vulnerable to any further pullback by takeover financiers , both in the junkbond market and among commercial banks . For debt-ridden suitors , `` the takeover game has been over for some time , '' says New York money manager Neil Weisman of Chilmark Capital , who has been keeping 85 % of his portfolio in cash . `` The market is just waking up to that point . ''
0	0	so	As Mr. Noriega 's political troubles grew , so did his offers of assistance to the Contras , an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington . For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party . But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C .
1	1	be	Reached in Honolulu , Mr. Shidler said that he believes the various Hooker malls can become profitable with new management . `` These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , '' said Mr. Shidler . `` Managed properly , and with a long-term outlook , these can become investment-grade quality properties . ''
0	0	according	`` The pace of trading was orderly , '' he said . Nasdaq 's Small Order Execution System `` worked beautifully , '' as did the automated system for larger trades , according to Mr. Hardiman .
0	0	changed	By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did . Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project . But others said pico should proceed . Both were right .
1	1	has	That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . In 1941 , Raeder and the German navy threatened to attack the Panama Canal , so we created the Southern Command in Panama . The Southern Command has grown even bigger since the war because Raeder 's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega . The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . So far no one has .
0	0	to	In any case , the brokerage firms are clearly moving faster to create new ads than they did in the fall of 1987 . But it remains to be seen whether their ads will be any more effective . In 1987 , despite a barrage of ads from most of the major investment firms , individuals ran from the market en masse . Now the firms must try their hardest to prove that advertising can work this time around .
0	0	So	The claim that inflation generates economic growth is seductive . In fact it does the opposite . As the charts show , the 1975-80 inflation destroyed both productivity and economic growth ( see accompanying charts -- WSJ Oct. 17 , 1989 ) . It was only after Mr. Volcker killed inflation , at the cost of a sharp but brief recession , that growth and productivity started rising once more . Producers were forced by the discipline of sound money to slash away organizational fat and acquire more efficient equipment . After having performed that admirable feat , however , they were back in 1985 demanding a dollar devaluation that would make it still easier for them to compete in international markets . They got the devaluation and , as is usually the case , began picking up fat again . So now they want another one .
0	0	to	If Mr. Mason had used less derogatory language to articulate his amateur analysis of the voting behavior of his fellow New Yorkers , would the water be quite so hot ? It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language . In addition , some of Mr. Mason 's critics have implied that his type of ethnic humor is itself a form of racism .
1	1	did	These two myths have caused the republic untold damage . The U.S. economy took on an inflationary bias when the Fed was forced to finance an incredible spending spree by Lyndon Johnson . Richard Nixon exacerbated the problem when , in response to pressures from Congress , he applied price and wage controls in August 1971 , thereby discouraging production . Jimmy Carter ultimately hired Mr. Volcker to kill inflation , which was reaching dangerous levels . He did , too late to save Mr. Carter from forced retirement .
1	1	would	If Mr. Mason had used less derogatory language to articulate his amateur analysis of the voting behavior of his fellow New Yorkers , would the water be quite so hot ? It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language . In addition , some of Mr. Mason 's critics have implied that his type of ethnic humor is itself a form of racism .
0	0	say	The text of his remarks has n't been published , and editors say they have no instructions as to whether it will be . Accounts of previous such meetings with media and other groups have been printed , sometimes after a delay of several days .
1	0	did	South Korea is `` critically important to us now , both economically and in terms of security , '' says Sen. Richard Lugar ( R. , Ind. ) , the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee . `` Unfortunately , many Americans do n't think much about Korea . But the miracle of their economic growth and the development of democracy -- imperfect though it is -- are very important to the United States . '' One major topic during Mr. Roh 's visit will be human rights . Due process still is denied in South Korea ; a few months ago , Kim Dae Jung , the major opposition leader , was detained and interrogated for 20 hours by security thugs . Just as Pope John Paul II did in Seoul last week , President Bush and members of Congress ought to tell Mr. Roh in no uncertain terms that this kind of behavior is unacceptable .
1	1	did	Easy money advocates , however , are adept at spreading economic myths . There is the constant insistence that the Fed could lower interest rates were it not so obstinate . The Fed indeed can lower short-term interest rates by pumping reserves into the banks , but it ca n't do much about them from there on . If the reserves generate inflation , which is what the Fed fears most right now , interest rates will go up as lenders demand a premium . Enough inflation can ultimately even wipe out the bond market , as it did in Britain in the 1970s , thereby crippling the economy .
0	0	there	`` There are some very significant issues out there , such as the fiscal deficit , the trade deficit , our relations with Japan , that have to be the subject of major initiatives , '' he said in an interview . `` I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't . There is n't a big shot , an agenda . ''
0	0	Are	Are narrow , Must they always be .
1	1	did	But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
1	1	be	The text of his remarks has n't been published , and editors say they have no instructions as to whether it will be . Accounts of previous such meetings with media and other groups have been printed , sometimes after a delay of several days .
0	0	inject	Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was on the telephones , making it clear to officials in the U.S. and abroad that the Fed was prepared to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system , as it did in October 1987 , if the action were needed to prevent a financial crisis .
0	0	sharply	The past two trading days , while painful , have n't been as disastrous for the arbs as the October 1987 market crash because takeover-related stocks have n't dropped as sharply as they did two years ago , and traders are n't as deeply in debt as they were then .
0	1	to	You see , I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now . '' It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow . That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph .
1	1	did	But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
1	1	do	What keeps Mr. Li in Panzhihua ? Partly the system . While workers ca n't easily be fired , they also ca n't easily quit to find jobs elsewhere . The Li family could apply for permission to do so , but has n't tried . `` I expect I 'll be in Panzhihua for the rest of my life , '' Mr. Li says . `` The No. 1 high school is pretty good , and I have to think of my daughter 's future . ''
0	0	having	The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy ( on Arthur Avenue ) and , of course , the Yankees . However , most people , having been subjected to news footage of the devastated South Bronx , look at the borough the way Tom Wolfe 's Sherman McCoy did in `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' -- as a wrong turn into hell .
0	0	took	`` Singapore took the hit because when people want to get out , they tend to go where the liquidity is , '' said Elizabeth Hambrecht , a regional analyst with Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd . She pointed out that even after Monday 's 10 % decline , the Straits Times index is up 24 % this year , so investors who bailed out generally did so profitably . Similarly , Kuala Lumpur 's composite index yesterday ended 27.5 % above its 1988 close .
1	1	do	Mr. Zycher also criticizes 103 's requirement that auto-insurance rates be based primarily on a motorist 's safety record and driving habits rather than upon zip code . Proposition 103 does not prohibit any use of territorial rating , but requires insurers to justify it scientifically . So far , they 've been unable to do so .
0	0	n't	You know what the law of averages is , do n't you ?
0	0	even	That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . In 1941 , Raeder and the German navy threatened to attack the Panama Canal , so we created the Southern Command in Panama . The Southern Command has grown even bigger since the war because Raeder 's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega . The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . So far no one has .
1	1	does	The newly released ANC leaders also will be under enormous pressure . The government is watching closely to see if their presence in the townships leads to increased anti-government protests and violence ; if it does , Pretoria will use this as a reason to keep Mr. Mandela behind bars . Pretoria has n't forgotten why they were all sentenced to life imprisonment in the first place : for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government .
1	1	did	Of course , the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again . And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday .
0	0	n't	Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern .
0	0	get	Now , dozens of corporations , including Ethan Allen , TW Services and York International , that are counting on at least $ 7 billion of scheduled new junk financings to keep their highly leveraged takeovers and buy-outs afloat , may never get the money . `` The music has stopped playing , '' says Michael Harkins , a principal in the investment firm of Levy Harkins . `` You 've either got a chair or you do n't . ''
1	1	will	Surveys suggested that consumer confidence was high before Friday . A 190-point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will . If the reactions of executives gathered Saturday at Hot Springs , Va. , for the Business Council meetings are typical , business leaders were n't overly rattled by Friday 's decline . And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
1	1	has	Mr. Sim is confident that the drive to dominate certain niche markets will work at Barry Wright as it has at Applied . He also professes an `` evangelical '' fervor to develop a corporate culture that rewards managers who produce and where decision-making is shared .
1	1	are	Mr. Li 's wife , Xia Huaqiong , also works at the factory , tending the water meters during the graveyard shift . There are few prospects for upward mobility , and Mr. Li 's daughter , seven-year-old Li Shu , is certain to toil at the factory too someday , as are more than 10,000 of the workers ' children .
1	0	has	Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market . `` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said .
0	0	were	PaineWebber Inc. filmed a new television commercial at 4 p.m. EDT yesterday and had it on the air by last night . Fidelity Investments placed new ads in newspapers yesterday , and wrote another new ad appearing today . Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. by yesterday afternoon had already written new TV ads . It considered running them during tomorrow night 's World Series broadcast but decided not to when the market recovered yesterday . Other brokerage firms , including Merrill Lynch & Co. , were plotting out potential new ad strategies .
0	1	's	Then there 's `` The World Today , '' the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier . Until now , CNN has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period . But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in . Mr. Amos says the Shaw-Crier team will probably do two live interviews a day , with most of the program , at least for now , appearing similar to CNN 's other newcasts .